[Applause]
there's no denying that men and women
are equal beings with a lot of the same
goals and values but when it comes to
relationships things can differ quite
drastically there are situations when a
woman who seems so deeply in love with
their partner just packs her things and
walks out leaving him only with
unanswered questions keep watching to
find out what traits in a person can
ruin even the best relationship and
don't forget to click subscribe and ring
that notification bells to join us here
on the bright side number 12
not being reliable and supportive
everyone needs support and when you're
partners in life it's only natural that
you should be able to lean on each other
so if you're not there when she needs
you most it's like a kick in the stomach
if the woman you love doesn't feel she's
your number one priority
she'll naturally start having doubts I
mean who wouldn't of course it doesn't
mean you should always come running from
wherever you are at the slightest hint
of trouble but if you tend to put your
own interests above your partner's
especially at a time machine really
needs your support that can be reason
enough for her to leave you why stay
with a person who doesn't care number
eleven being jealous and controlling you
chose each other for a reason didn't you
loving means caring for and respecting
your partner and that respect should
translate to your partner's private life
too if you can't let her go out with her
friends without suspecting she's
cheating on you or something
then the problem is in you constantly
checking on her when she's away won't
let her relax and enjoy whatever she's
doing plus it's totally healthy and
recommended that partners have lives
outside of their relationship they
should be able to visit friends and
family have hobbies or just feel free to
go for a solitary walk for some
much-needed me time
you have trust issues because of a
previous relationship or you're just a
jealous person by nature you learn to
trust your partner it's not her fault
that you have these complexes and she's
not responsible for them
mistrust can shatter even the sturdiest
of relationships and you might find
yourself alone one day with no one to
blame but yourself number 10
showing romantic interest in others why
be in a relationship with someone if you
still look at others looking might seem
like harmless curiosity and it really is
innocent when you compare it to
full-fledged cheating or even flirting
but it still makes a woman feel like she
isn't special in your eyes why do you
need to scope what's out there when you
already have the love of your life
imagine how you'd feel if your
significant other started actively
paying attention to other men not very
pleasant is it everyone needs to know
that their partner only loves them and
is only interested in them make sure you
provide that feeling to the woman you
love number 9 trying to change her to
suit your needs or expectations remember
when you first met and fell in love with
each other she was perfect then wasn't
she then isn't it weird that you start
asking her to change herself she can't
always look good and be in a good mood
she may not like some of your friends or
share all of your interests if you start
shaping your partner in a way that's
convenient for you be ready to do the
same for her at the very least better
yet though is to accept each other as
you are
[Music]
number eight making her feel that she
isn't desirable the woman you love wants
you to look at her with shining eyes
that say I could just hold you in my
arms forever if there's no physical
connection that go with the emotional
one a relationship can wither away it's
not like you have to sit hip-to-hip all
day long that would get old real fast
but you can't imagine how much a simple
arm around the shoulder or taking her
hand in yours can mean at the right time
these are just subtle ways of showing
their loved one that you care and are
thinking about them and they don't go
unnoticed trust me
[Music]
number seven having totally different
visions for the future this is a major
turnoff for many you have your own plans
for the future she has hers and that's
absolutely fine as long as these ideas
have something in common
if however you want to say settle down
and start a family while your partner is
thinking of moving to another country
for an exciting job opportunity she's
received then it looks like your futures
are going separate ways try to find some
common ground on the matter before it's
too late for the two of you
number six being childish and immature
there's nothing wrong with being playful
and childish when the situation calls
for it like you're playing with kids or
having fun together but you still need
to be earnest and dependable when it
comes to more serious matters if you
have a Lim's achill attitude all the
time and are bored with important
questions your partner brings to your
attention that can become a red flag for
her your significant other needs someone
she can trust with her life if need be
how can she do that with a person who's
unable to be mature number five being
distant and neglectful you come home
from work say you're tired and grab
something to eat and go to bed while
your partner clearly has something on
her mind that she wants to share with
you the next day you come home late
because you've had a night out with your
friends and again she doesn't get a
chance to talk to you if that repeats
too often she'll just feel lonely even
with you physically present you
basically become strangers to each other
as time goes by find some time in your
busy schedule to spend with your other
half communication is one of the most
important things in a healthy
relationship we listen to her and let
her know you're there when she needs you
[Music]
number 4 taking more than giving a
healthy relationship is based on mutual
give-and-take and that's not about
material stuff either but about feelings
and emotions after all love is something
that both parties share so why should
either of them do more than the other if
she feels like she's constantly giving
and all you do is take then that's not
fair to her and she probably won't have
much reason to stay number three not
knowing what you want if your plans are
always changing and you can ditch
anything on a whim that's not an
attitude your significant other will
approve of nothing good can come out of
a relationship where one or the other
partners is constantly changing their
mind come to think of it they could even
change their mind about you see what I
mean
remember that you're not alone anymore
and that there's a person beside you who
needs some certainty and stability if
you can't give that to her
no matter how crazy and love she is with
you her feelings won't last long
[Music]
number two being too different from her
you met her at the most unlikely place
and you fell head-over-heels for each
other but when the initial passion and
exciting novelty wears off we both may
notice how different you are for example
one of you is a strictly by the book
always needs to plan ahead type of
person while the other likes the rush of
spontaneity and improvisation over time
the planner will feel panicked by the
improviser and the latter might feel
bored by the former sad as it is major
differences in lifestyle or personality
are enough to end a relationship number
one being a constant source of
negativity this doesn't mean you're
supposed to be happy-go-lucky all the
time but constantly being around
negativity and pessimism couldn't really
bring a person down for instance she
takes up a new hobby and shares her
happiness with you but you don't see
what's so good about it and tell her so
frankly a happy relationship can't be
built with the person who doesn't know
how to support their significant other
and showing support means being
optimistic and encouraging if she's not
getting that then why would she stay
just to have her joy spoiled all the
time
[Music]
so bright ciders what's your
understanding of a happy relationship
let us know down in the comments
remember to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click subscribe
to always stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you